Simpler instance creation (#707)
sindresorhus/got: documentation/advanced-creation.md

##### mutableDefaults

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

States if the defaults are mutable. It's very useful when you need to [update headers over time](readme.md#hooksafterresponse), e.g. update the access token when it expires.

##### handlers

Type: `Function[]`<br>
Default: `[]`

An array of functions. These are very special, because they're called first.

To inherit from parent, set it as `got.defaults.handlers`.<br>
To use the default handler, just omit specifying this.

Each handler takes two arguments:

###### [options](readme.md#options)

**Note:** These options are [normalized](source/normalize-arguments.js).

###### next()

Returns a `Promise` or a `Stream` depending on [`options.stream`](readme.md#stream).

```js
const settings = {
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			if (options.stream) {
				// It's a Stream, so we can perform stream-specific actions on it
				return next(options)
					.on('request', request => setTimeout(() => request.abort(), 50));
			}

			// It's a Promise
			return next(options);
		}
	],
	options: got.mergeOptions(got.defaults.options, {
		responseType: 'json'
	})
};

const jsonGot = got.create(settings);
```

> Sometimes you don't need to use `got.create(defaults)`. Instead, `got.extend(options)` should be good enough:

Reviewer: > Sometimes you don't need to use `got.create(defaults)`

What times? Would be nice to expand on that.

```js
const settings = {
	handler: got.defaults.handler,
	options: got.mergeOptions(got.defaults.options, {
		headers: {
			unicorn: 'rainbow'
		}
	})
};

const unicorn = got.create(settings);

// Same as:
const unicorn = got.extend({headers: {unicorn: 'rainbow'}});
```

> **Note:** handlers can be asynchronous. The recommended approach is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Handlers can be asynchronous. The recommended approach is:
```

```js
const handler = (options, next) => {

> 	if (!options.stream) {

Reviewer: I would invert this condition and early-return the stream, to reduce nesting.

		// It's a Promise

		return (async () => {
			try {

> 				const result = await next(options);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				const promiseOrStream = await next(options);
```

> 				result.modifiedByHandler = true;

Reviewer: It's not clear what this is about. Could use a comment.

				return result;
			} catch (error) {

> 				// Every error will be replaced by this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				// Every error will be replaced by the one thrown here.
```

				// Before you will receive any error here,
				// it will be passed to `beforeError` hooks first.

				// Note: this one won't be passed to `beforeError` hook. It's final.
				throw new Error('Your very own error.');
			}
		})();
	}

	// It's a Stream
	return next(options);
};
```

### Merging instances

Got supports composing multiple instances together. This is very powerful. You can create a client that limits download speed and then compose it with an instance that signs a request. It's like plugins without any of the plugin mess. You just create instances and then compose them together.

To mix them use `instanceA.extend(instanceB, instanceC, ...)`, that's all.

## Examples

Some examples of what kind of instances you could compose together:

#### Denying redirects that lead to other sites than specified

```js
const controlRedirects = got.extend({
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			const promiseOrStream = next(options);

> 			return promiseOrStream.on('redirect', resp => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			return promiseOrStream.on('redirect', response => {
```

				const host = new URL(resp.url).host;
				if (options.allowedHosts && !options.allowedHosts.includes(host)) {
					promiseOrStream.cancel(`Redirection to ${host} is not allowed`);
				}
			});
		}
	]
});
```

> #### Limiting download & upload

Reviewer: `download` what? Speed or size?

> It's very useful in case your machine's got a little amount of RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be useful when your machine has limited amount of memory.
```

```js
const limitDownloadUpload = got.extend({
    handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			let promiseOrStream = next(options);
			if (typeof options.downloadLimit === 'number') {
				promiseOrStream.on('downloadProgress', progress => {
					if (progress.transferred > options.downloadLimit && progress.percent !== 1) {
						promiseOrStream.cancel(`Exceeded the download limit of ${options.downloadLimit} bytes`);
					}
				});
			}

			if (typeof options.uploadLimit === 'number') {
				promiseOrStream.on('uploadProgress', progress => {
					if (progress.transferred > options.uploadLimit && progress.percent !== 1) {
						promiseOrStream.cancel(`Exceeded the upload limit of ${options.uploadLimit} bytes`);
					}
				});
			}

			return promiseOrStream;
		}
	]
});
```

#### No user agent

```js
const noUserAgent = got.extend({
	headers: {
		'user-agent': null
	}
});
```

#### Custom endpoint

```js
const httpbin = got.extend({
	baseUrl: 'https://httpbin.org/'
});
```

#### Signing requests

```js

> const crypto = require('crypto');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const crypto = require('crypto');

```

# Advanced creation

> Make calling REST APIs easier by creating niche-specific `got` instances.

#### got.create(settings)

Example: [gh-got](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gh-got/blob/master/index.js)

Configures a new `got` instance with the provided settings. You can access the resolved options with the `.defaults` property on the instance.

**Note:** In contrast to [`got.extend()`](../readme.md#gotextendinstances), this method has no defaults.

##### [options](readme.md#options)

> To inherit from parent, set it to `got.defaults.options` or use [`got.mergeOptions(defaults.options, options)`](../readme.md#gotmergeoptionsparentoptions-newoptions).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inherit from the parent, set it to `got.defaults.options` or use [`got.mergeOptions(defaults.options, options)`](../readme.md#gotmergeoptionsparentoptions-newoptions).<br>
```

**Note:** Avoid using [object spread](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax#Spread_in_object_literals) as it doesn't work recursively.

**Note #2:** [`got.mergeOptions()`](../readme.md#gotmergeoptionsparentoptions-newoptions) does not merge hooks. Use [`got.extend()`](../readme.md#gotextendinstances) instead.

##### mutableDefaults

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

> States if the defaults are mutable. It's very useful when you need to [update headers over time](readme.md#hooksafterresponse), e.g. update the access token when it expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
States if the defaults are mutable. It can be useful when you need to [update headers over time](readme.md#hooksafterresponse), for example, update an access token when it expires.
```

##### handlers

Type: `Function[]`<br>
Default: `[]`

> An array of functions. These are very special, because they're called first.

Reviewer: Instead of saying they are "special", describe their purpose.

> To inherit from parent, set it as `got.defaults.handlers`.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inherit from the parent, set it as `got.defaults.handlers`.<br>
```

To use the default handler, just omit specifying this.

Each handler takes two arguments:

###### [options](readme.md#options)

**Note:** These options are [normalized](source/normalize-arguments.js).

###### next()

Returns a `Promise` or a `Stream` depending on [`options.stream`](readme.md#stream).

```js
const settings = {
	handlers: [
		(options, next) => {
			if (options.stream) {
				// It's a Stream
				// We can perform stream-specific actions on it
				return next(options)

> 					.on('request', request => setTimeout(() => request.abort(), 50));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					.on('request', request => {
						setTimeout(() => {
							request.abort();
						}, 50);
					});
```
